#EXTM3U

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_indosiar_small1.png?v=2.0.0.15",INDOSIAR
http://rr2.dens.tv/s/s04/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_sctv_small1.png?v=2.0.0.15",SCTV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s03/01.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_82.png",MNC TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_80.png",RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_115.png",ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_81.png",GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/sXsy4LtD/mhogie600.png", Sudah Donasi
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1J9vHJmFARiD74BFk9nGCO7Dq-uGnFYGR?alt=media&key=AIzaSyDdoetN4aDmDBc6Y11CUGK4nhZ0pvZbXOw


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_87.png",Trans TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_110.png",Trans 7
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h11/index.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/tvone.png",TVOne
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_83.png",iNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd



#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/metro_tv.png",Metro TV
http://rr.dens.tv/h/h12/index.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rajawali_tv_id.png",Rajawali TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_106.png",Kompas TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_118.jpg",TVRI Nasional
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_113.jpg",Jak TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jtv_id.png",JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bali_tv_id.png",Bali TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV_Timeshift/sa_dash_timeshift/BaliTV_Timeshift.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/da-ai-tv-indonesia-tw-in.png",Da Ai TV Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/bb/bandung_tv_id.png",Bandung TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_116.jpg",NET
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_103.jpg",Berita Satu News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_84.png",MNC News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/iBcm_IDX.jpg",IDX Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Tv nasional Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_336.png",SEA Today
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd


#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="Tv nasional Trial",Ruang Trampil
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(2b945e2e-4297-4be9-9a45-aa023c890e13)/manifest.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_beritasatu_small1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="Tv nasional Trial",BERITA SATU
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BsNew/amlst:beritasatunewsbs/chunklist_b1128000.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_beritasatu_small1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="Tv nasional Trial",BERITA SATU WORLD
https://b1world.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1World_1280x720.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logo_cnnindonesia_small1.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="Tv nasional Trial",CNN INDONESIA
http://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist_w2069650134_b280000_sleng.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/3/35/CNBC_Indonesia.png" group-title="Tv nasional Trial",CNBC INDONESIA
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_w1352897452_b280000_sleng.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/aljazeera.png",Aljazeera English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_332.jpg",BBC World News Asia Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/bloomberg.png",Bloomberg TV Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_353.png",CGTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_330.png",CNA
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnbc.png",CNBC Asia-Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cnn_new.jpg",CNN International Asia Pacific
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_357.png",DW English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/euronews_fr.png",EuroNews English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/fox_news_channel.png",Fox News Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/france_150px.jpg",France 24 English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_355.jpeg",NHK World Japan
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/nhk_150.png",NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/rt_ru_english.png",RT English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="News" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/trt_world_tr.png",TRT World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_350.png",ABC Australia Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/aa/anhui_tv_cn.png",Anhui TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_351.png",Arirang World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_240.jpg",Asian Food Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/HGTV_150x150px-01.png",HGTV Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/hh/hunan_cn_tv.png",Hunan TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/jj/jiangsu_tv.png",Jiangsu TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_90.png",Lifestyle & Fashion
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_167.jpg",Lifetime Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_79.jpg",M Shop Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShop/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShop.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_88.jpg",M Shop Super Sale!
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShopSmart/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShopSmart.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_86.png",MNC Entertainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_96.png",MNC Infotainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_95.png",OK TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_164.png",ONE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/dragon-tv-cn.png",Dragon TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_248.jpg",TLC Southeast Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-5-monde-asie-fr.png",TV5Monde Asie
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_94.png",Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ss/star_xing_kong_hk.png",Xing Kong TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KPlus.MACAN" tvg-name="Kplus" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/smpNq8Z/xgnf.png" group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle",K+
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h08/01.m3u8?fluxustv.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://bit.ly/EGGnet" tvg-id="eGG.MACAN" tvg-name="egg network" group-title="Entertainment & Lifestyle",Egg Network
http://playlist.urfan.web.id/uq2663/h/h22/01.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/wTsw-FydW/bisnet-adventure-4k.png" group-title="Knowledge", Bisnet Adventure 4K
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_adventure/smil:adventure.smil/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/W4L4dn04/discovery-asia.png" group-title="Knowledge",DISCOVERY ASIA 
https://vips-livecdn.fptplay.net/hda2/discoveryasia_vhls.smil/chunklist_b5000000.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/tgZ9JgHL/love-nature-4k.png" group-title="Knowledge",LOVE NATURE 
https://bamus-eng-roku.amagi.tv/playlist404p.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/GpYKFDW5/OUTSIDE-TV.png" group-title="Knowledge",OUTSIDE TV
https://outsidetvplus-stirr.amagi.tv/playlistR720P.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/pLmqd4qx/PEOPLE-ARE-AWESOME.png" group-title="Knowledge",PEOPLE ARE AWESOME
https://dai2.xumo.com/xumocdn/p=redbox&deviceid=&is_lat=&subp=RedboxdesktopWebWindows/amagi_hls_data_xumo1212A-redboxpeopleareawesome/CDN/1280x720_5000000/chunklist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/RVfC96Dm/SMITHSONIAN.png" group-title="Knowledge", Smithsonian Channel 
https://smithsonianaus-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist720p.m3u8?checkedby:iptvcat.com


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NASATVPublic.us" url-tvg="" tvg-country="US" tvg-language="English" tvg-logo="https://seeklogo.com/images/N/NASA-logo-9411797223-seeklogo.com.png" group-title="Knowledge",NASA TV 
https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master_2000.m3u8



#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/Animax_150x150.png",Animax Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/axn_150x150.jpg",AXN East Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png",Celestial Classic Movies Trial
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/celestial.png",Celestial Movies Trial Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/cc/cinema_world_asia.png",CinemaWorld
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/cinemax.jpg",Cinemax Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fmn.jpg",FMN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies Trial" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/hbo.png",HBO Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-1.jpg",BeIn Sport Trials 1 Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/beIN-2.jpg",BeIn Sport Trials 2 Indonesia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/150x150fightSport Trial.jpg",Fight Sport Trials
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSport Trials/sa_dash_vmx/FightSport Trials.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_102.jpg",MNC Sport Trials 1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSport Trials-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSport Trials-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_98.png",MNC Sport Trials 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSport Trials2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSport Trials2-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_99.png",MNC Sport Trials 3
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel Non Liga
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-NonLiga1/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-NonLiga1.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://assetsmysky.blob.core.windows.net/assetsmysky/production/media-upload/1634257286_thumb-spotv.png",SPOTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://assetsmysky.blob.core.windows.net/assetsmysky/production/media-upload/1634257305_thumb-spotv-2.png",SPOTV 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8r7RSsL/580b57fcd9996e24bc43c4e7-picsay.png",MU TV
https://bcovlive-a.akamaihd.net/r6b4170ad9e8e4ed49986ecc03bac588b/eu-west-1/6058004203001/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/RbkTbn7/1662978498-picsay.png",Real Madrid
https://rmtv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2043154/rmtv-en-web/bitrate_2.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XVPds8T/impact-TV.jpg",Wrestling Impact
https://d2p372oxiwmcn1.cloudfront.net/hls/main.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trials" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Mk0tTQY/MMAtv.jpg",MMA TV
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/80f6ba72c8/+0000/c.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/ewtn_us.png",EWTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EWTN/sa_dash_vmx/EWTN.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_91.png",LIFE
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_dash_vmx/Life.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv-mu-id.png",TV Mu
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_92.png",Muslim TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_93.png",Quran TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/rr/reformed_21_id.png",Reformed 21
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Reformed21/sa_dash_vmx/Reformed21.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_105.png",Tawaf TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tv9_surabaya_id.png",TV 9 Nusantara
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd


#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Ufa TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch27.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Bina Madani TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch20.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",RadioKita TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch16.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Ahsan TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch4.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Muadz TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch5.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  group-title="Religi",Al Bahjah TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch64.m3u8


#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://www.rasyaad.tv/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/logo-rasyaad.png",RASYAAD TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch6.m3u8


#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/medstv.jpg",MEDS TV ACEH
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch23.m3u8


#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ufa tv.png",UFA TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch27.m3u8


#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/rodja.png",RODJA TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch26.m3u8


#EXTINF:-100 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/rodja.png",RODJA TV (Backup)
https://tv.rodja.live/live/ngrp:rodja_all/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-101 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/makkah.png",MAKKAH TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s28/01.m3u8


#EXTINF:-102 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/medina.png",MADINAH TV
http://210.210.155.35/qwr9ew/s/s27/01.m3u8


#EXTINF:-103 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/surautv.png",SURAU TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch3.m3u8


#EXTINF:-103 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/surautv.png",SURAU TV (Backup)
http://119.235.249.58:1935/surautv/live/chunklist_w121016467.m3u8


#EXTINF:-104 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ashiiltv.png",ASHIIL TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch2.m3u8


#EXTINF:-104 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ashiiltv.png",ASHIIL TV (Backup)
http://wowza60.indostreamserver.com:1935/ashiiltv2/android/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-105 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/alimantv.png",AL IMAN TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch9.m3u8


#EXTINF:-105 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/alimantv.png",AL IMAN TV (Backup)
http://tv.aliman.id:1935/aliman/HD/chunklist_w1595058791.m3u8


#EXTINF:-106 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/insantv.png",INSAN TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch1.m3u8


#EXTINF:-107 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ahsan.png"",AHSAN TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch4.m3u8


#EXTINF:-107 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/ahsan.png",AHSAN TV (Backup)
http://119.82.224.75:1935/live/ahsantv/chunk.m3u8


#EXTINF:-108 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/367F1A03-8317-448A-B336-CB5E0B14BD78.jpeg",ALFURQON TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch24.m3u8


#EXTINF:-109 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/HIJRAH TV.jpg",HIJRAH TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch8.m3u8


#EXTINF:-110 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/sjp tv.png",SJP TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch17.m3u8


#EXTINF:-111 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/niagatv.png",NIAGA TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch10.m3u8


#EXTINF:-112 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="http://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/niagatv.png" ,NIAGA TV (Backup)
http://119.235.249.58:1935/niagatv/live/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-113 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/izzahtv.png",IZZAH TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch7.m3u8


#EXTINF:-113 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/izzahtv.png",IZZAH TV (Backup)
https://streaming.radiosalamjambi.com/izzahtv.m3u8


#EXTINF:-114 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/muadztv.png",MUADZ TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch5.m3u8


#EXTINF:-114 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/muadztv.png",MUADZ TV (Backup)
http://wowza60.indostreamserver.com:1935/muadztv/live/chunklist_w1362705145.m3u8


#EXTINF:-115 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/mgitv.png",MGI TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch25.m3u8


#EXTINF:-115 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/mgitv.png",MGI TV (Backup)
https://tv.rodja.live/tasik/mgitv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-115 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://github.com/Demila-rumah-jilbab/furqantv/raw/main/radio hidayah.png",HIDAYAH TV
https://tv.rodja.live/hidayah/streaming/chunklist_w1269386482.m3u8


#EXTINF:-116 group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://live.artvisi.or.id/logo/binbaztv.png",BINBAZ TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch22.m3u8


#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroAwani.my" tvg-name="Astro Awani HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/501_300.png" group-title="News",Astro Awani HD
https://awanitv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2017836/LiveTV1/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroAwani.my" tvg-name="Astro Awani SD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/501_300.png" group-title="News",Astro Awani SD
https://awanitv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2017836/LiveTV1/stream04/streamPlaylist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BernamaTV.my" tvg-name="Bernama TV" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/502_300.png" group-title="News",Bernama TV
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Bernama/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroArena.my" tvg-name="Astro Arena HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/801_300.png" group-title="Sport Trials",Astro Arena HD
http://185.180.221.194:8278/streams/d/Arena/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroCeria.my" tvg-name="Astro Ceria" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/611_300.png" group-title="Kids",Astro Ceria
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Ceria/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroOasis.my" tvg-name="Astro Oasis" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/106_300.png" group-title="Islamic",Astro Oasis
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Oasis/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroPrima.my" tvg-name="Astro Prima" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/105_300.png" group-title="General",Astro Prima
http://185.180.221.194:8278/streams/d/Prima/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Hello.my" tvg-name="Hello HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/702_300.png" group-title="General",Hello HD
https://agsplayback01.astro.com.my/CH1/master_HELLOGOSHOP6.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Hello.my" tvg-name="Hello SD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/702_300.png" group-title="General",Hello SD
https://agsplayback01.astro.com.my/CH1/master_HELLOGOSHOP6_04.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Naura.my" tvg-name="Naura SD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/109_300.png" group-title="Islamic",Naura SD
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Naura/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVS.my" tvg-name="TVS SD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/122_300.png" group-title="General",TVS SD
https://agsplayback01.astro.com.my/CH1/master_AGS_TVS.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVAlhijrah.my" tvg-name="TV Alhijrah" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/114_300.png" group-title="General",TV Alhijrah
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Alhijrah/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVIkim.my" tvg-name="TV Ikim HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Z0dyJK7.jpg" group-title="General",TV Ikim HD
http://edge.vediostream.com/abr/tvikim/live/tvikim_source/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVIkim.my" tvg-name="TV Ikim SD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Malay" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Z0dyJK7.jpg" group-title="General",TV Ikim SD
http://edge.vediostream.com/abr/tvikim/live/tvikim_480p/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroAOD.my" tvg-name="Astro AOD HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Chinese" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/311_300.png" group-title="General",Astro AOD HD
http://185.180.221.194:8278/streams/d/AodHD/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroQuanJiaHD.my" tvg-name="Astro Quan Jia HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Chinese" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/308_300.png" group-title="General",Astro Quan Jia HD
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Quanjia/playlist.m3u8https

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroShuangXing.my" tvg-name="Astro Shuang Xing HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Chinese" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/307_300.png" group-title="General",Astro Shuang Xing HD
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Shuangxing/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroHuaHeeDai.my" tvg-name="Astro Hua Hee Dai HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Chinese" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/333_300.png" group-title="General",Astro Hua Hee Dai HD
http://185.180.221.194:8278/streams/d/Huahee/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroVaanavil.my" tvg-name="Astro Vaanavil HD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Tamil" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/201_300.png" group-title="General",Astro Vaanavil HD
https://agsplayback01.astro.com.my/CH3/master_VAANGOSHOP5.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroVaanavil.my" tvg-name="Astro Vaanavil SD" tvg-country="MY" tvg-language="Tamil" tvg-logo="https://astrocontent.s3.amazonaws.com/Images/ChannelLogo/Pos/201_300.png" group-title="General",Astro Vaanavil SD
https://agsplayback01.astro.com.my:443/CH3/master_VAANGOSHOP5_04.m3u8




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="SPOTV" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/BRZ8rmA_d.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",SpoTV
https://on-load.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1 
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="SPOTV" tvg-logo="https://assetsmysky.blob.core.windows.net/assetsmysky/production/media-upload/1634257305_thumb-spotv-2.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",SpoTV 2
https://wopep.com/02_FoxSport Trial3_TH_720p/chunklist.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/5b/FIGHT_Sport TrialS_2018.png/revision/latest?cb=20191026180443" group-title="Sport Trial HD",FIGHT Sport TrialS 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/FightSport Trials/sa_dash_vmx/FightSport Trials.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://mncchannels.com/files/logo/1601971751_logo_SOCCERchannel[logo-png].png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",Soccer channel 
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id:443/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd


#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/tvposter/useeSport Trial.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD", UseeSport Trials 1 
http://goldentv.tech:25461/rachman/rachman/22973


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/BnbMFbPz/images-12.jpg" group-title="Sport Trial HD",Usee Sport Trials 1 Backup
http://15.235.142.228:8080/live/hometvfree/selaludihati/70.m3u8


#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/pimages/tvposter/useeSport Trial.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD", UseeSport Trials 2 
http://goldentv.tech:25461/rachman/rachman/22974




#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/BnbMFbPz/images-12.jpg" group-title="Sport Trial HD",Usee Sport Trials 2 Backup
http://15.235.142.228:8080/live/hometvfree/selaludihati/71.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://assets.bein.com/mena/sites/3/2015/06/beIN_Sport TrialS1_ENGLISH_Digital_Mono.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",BeinSport Trial English 1
http://vizyonbox.link:2086/Salahdin/DEDbKgUYhF/61416


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://assets.bein.com/mena/sites/3/2015/06/beIN_Sport TrialS2_ENGLISH_Digital_Mono.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",BeinSport Trial English 2
http://vizyonbox.link:2086/Salahdin/DEDbKgUYhF/61443


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://assets.bein.com/mena/sites/3/2015/06/beIN_Sport TrialS3_ENGLISH_Digital_Mono.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",BeinSport Trial English 3
http://vizyonbox.link:2086/Salahdin/DEDbKgUYhF/61444


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/VvfnNP7v/Unifi-TV-Logo.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",Unifi Sport Trials 1
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live11.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/VvfnNP7v/Unifi-TV-Logo.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",Unifi Sport Trials 2
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live12.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial LALIGA
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/394991


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial PREMIER LEAUGE
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/394993


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial FOOTBALL
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/394994


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial GRANDSTAND
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/394995


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial ACTION
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/394996


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial RUGBY
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/394997


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial CRICKET
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/394998


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial BLITZ
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/394999


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial MAXIMO
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/395000


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial GOLF
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/395001


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial TENNIS
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/395002


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial PLAY
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/395003


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUPER Sport Trial MOTORSport Trial
http://vmp343.ddnsking.com:80/david2/david2/395004




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SONY SIX HD
http://103.166.253.222/hls/sonysix.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SONY Ten 1 HD
http://103.166.253.222/hls/sonyten1.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SONY Ten 2 HD
http://103.166.253.222/hls/sonyten2.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD",SONY Ten 3 HD
http://103.166.253.222/hls/sonyten3.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hCQ1fbG/Tpf.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD", PREMIER FOOTBALL HD 1
https://www.wopep.com/02_PremierHD1_720p/chunklist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/4t0NRM6/Tpf2.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD", PREMIER FOOTBALL HD 2
https://www.wopep.com/02_PremierHD2_720p/chunklist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jgCVCTD/Tpf3.png", PREMIER FOOTBALL HD 3
https://www.wopep.com/02_PremierHD3_720p/chunklist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/KKsvZsD/Tpf4.png", PREMIER FOOTBALL HD 4
https://wopep.com/02_PremierHD4_720p/chunklist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="TVRI" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/eb/TVRILogo2019.svg/1200px-TVRILogo2019.svg.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",TVRI
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="SUKAN RTM" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/b/b2/Sukan_RTM_1_April.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb=20210408125347" group-title="Sport Trial HD",SUKAN RTM  
https://rtmlive06tv.secureswiftcontent.com/rtmchannel/06-manifest.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="ABU DHABI Sport TrialS 1" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/Ad_Sport Trial_1.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",ABU DHABI Sport TrialS 1
https://admdn1.cdn.mangomolo.com/adSport Trials1/smil:adSport Trials1.stream.smil/chunklist_b4000000_t64MTA4MHA=.m3u8   


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="ABU DHABI Sport TrialS 2" tvg-logo="https://www.pngkit.com/png/full/972-9721216_1-tvg-id-tvg-name-tvg-logo-https.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",ABU DHABI Sport TrialS 2
https://admdn5.cdn.mangomolo.com/adSport Trials2/smil:adSport Trials2.stream.smil/chunklist_b4000000_t64MTA4MHA=.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="ABU DHABI Sport TrialS 3" tvg-logo="http://www.maxtvs.net/admin/img/channel/fbd5e104dfb5e868621a.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",ABU DHABI Sport TrialS 3
http://admdn3.cdn.mangomolo.com/adSport Trials3/smil:adSport Trials3.stream.smil/chunklist_b4000000_t64MTA4MHA=.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="DUBAI Sport TrialS 1" tvg-logo="https://www.pdfreestyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/Dubai-Sport Trials-Channel-Logo.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",DUBAI Sport TrialS 1
https://dmitnthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaiSport Trials/smil:dubaiSport Trials.smil/chunklist_b1600000.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="DUBAI Sport TrialS 2" tvg-logo="https://4flims.com/upload/source/dubaiSport Trials1%D9%86%D8%B3%D8%AE.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",DUBAI Sport TrialS 2
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaiSport Trialshd/smil:dubaiSport Trialshd.smil/chunklist_b1600000.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-ID="" tvg-name="DUBAI Sport TrialS 3" tvg-logo="https://4flims.com/upload/source/dubaiSport Trials1%D9%86%D8%B3%D8%AE.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",DUBAI Sport TrialS 3
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaiSport Trialshd5/smil:dubaiSport Trialshd5.smil/chunklist_b1600000.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", FIGHTBOX
https://live-k2302-kbp.1plus1.video/Sport Trial/smil:Sport Trial.smil/chunklist_b6000000.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", Red Bull TV
https://rbmn-live.akamaized.net/hls/live/590964/BoRB-AT/master_1660.m3u8?xtreamiptv.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", STADIUM
https://stadiumlivein-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/522512/mux_4/master_2000k.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", STADIUM 2
https://stadiumlivein-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/522512/mux_4/master.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", SWISS Sport Trial TV
https://cdn02.upstream-cloud.ch/sstvlinear/ngrp:sstvlinear_all/chunklist_w1922077967_b2628000.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", Look Sport Trial 1
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/look/livestream/playlist.m3u8?wowzatokenhash=NqSD4qaHc94SbTW05NBB-lXC78ZiAOIbnbUBOHj1DAM=


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", Look Sport Trial 2
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/lookSport Trial2/livestream/playlist.m3u8?wowzatokenhash=NqSD4qaHc94SbTW05NBB-lXC78ZiAOIbnbUBOHj1DAM=


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", Look Sport Trial 3
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/lookSport Trial3/livestream/playlist.m3u8?wowzatokenhash=NqSD4qaHc94SbTW05NBB-lXC78ZiAOIbnbUBOHj1DAM=


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sport Trial HD", Look Sport Trial+
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/lookplus/livestream/playlist.m3u8?wowzatokenhash=NqSD4qaHc94SbTW05NBB-lXC78ZiAOIbnbUBOHj1DAM=

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/VvfnNP7v/Unifi-TV-Logo.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",Unifi Sport Trials 1
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live11.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/VvfnNP7v/Unifi-TV-Logo.png" group-title="Sport Trial HD",Unifi Sport Trials 2
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live12.mpd


Mhogie Store
MNC GROUP


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/20052989_ico.png?ts=1654801219" group-title="MNC GROUP",MNC TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC GROUP" tvg-logo="https://images.useetv.com/logo_mncnews_small.png", MNC NEWS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/20015768_ico.png?ts=1654989306" group-title="MNC GROUP",INEWS
https://dtaarjaj1diy9.cloudfront.net/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/20690321_ico.png?ts=1654801175" group-title="MNC GROUP",GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/20053038_ico.png?ts=1654801099" group-title="MNC GROUP", RCTI
https://dtaarjaj1diy9.cloudfront.net/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRenrWd02mRDaRbkJCMxqTP35W2kvqvby9qVg&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP",IDX Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/21000870_ico.png?ts=1655551008" group-title="MNC GROUP",MNC Sport Trials
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSport Trials-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSport Trials-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/21000879_ico.png?ts=1655551073" group-title="MNC GROUP",MNC Sport Trials 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id//live/eds/MNCSport Trials2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSport Trials2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://www.appcreator24.com/srv/imgs/seccs/21000870_ico.png?ts=1655551008" group-title="MNC GROUP",MNC Sport Trials 3
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id//live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="MNC GROUP" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_101.png",Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSqksAn6jEzaYqwWFoPJ0aWSPGV0diDdX10Fg&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP",Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcStO0Z9fZix8QA5465G1BLmG9pB3WYIhVoYXA&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP",OK TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ-k7fPuzQ1xQTjzVLJIQMRUtuTE_MaQBm28A&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP",KIDS TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSOKP1xefxpuFmNAz1uQUcBIdFMqSCfu4_-Cw&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP", Music TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSXNR11I3mKBd9nmDyKfYMhyn8gbront9peSQ&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP", Muslim TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ9chdVeMlmvlkjBugKbueHM9vBydRdjVuxng&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP", Entertainment TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTPmHvgXFlsYkytHV4VpzARGwUibfYR0CtT4Q&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP", Infotainment TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSRa9-MkrWdZ01rs4lubq-hc6Dikc4oE5ACsg&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP",MNC Shop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCShop/sa_dash_vmx/MNCShop.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcS0ByhZHkHlscbaImpLmlF7pOkxfnV-LsnDNQ&usqp=CAU" group-title="MNC GROUP",Be Smart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd
